Add docs for token revocation via session termination api (#2363)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/oauth2-token-revocation.md

```

The `         callback        ` parameter is optional.

!!! Note
    When a session is terminated via rest api, WSO2 Identity Server will 

>     revoke the mapped accesstoken as well. There can be some instances where same access token is used across 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    revoke the mapped access token as well. There can be some instances where the same access token is used across 
```

>     multiple sessions. So it is always recommended to use sso-session binding if you are using session management 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    multiple sessions. Therefore, it is always recommended to use sso-session binding if you are using the session management 
```
